{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\sectd\pard\qc \plain\f16\fs36 Bio Rhythm\plain\f16\fs20 \par Programmed by Seraph\par \ql \par \fi180 First of all, I would like to thank you for showing interest in my program.  I hope that it and other utilities that I have written will help you with whatever you need to get done.\par \par As you well know, this is an API spying utility programmed in Microsoft Visual Basic version 5.0.  I know it isn't entirely the most attractive looking thing on this planet, more or less being a plain window, rather than all of this artsy shit people keep putting in their programs.  Art is good, until your whole program is nothing but that.  Anyway, there are only a few functions in here that I could not port over from 16bit to 32bit.  They are as follows: function to get the module of the selected process, function to display the active window (this works but not correctly, mind you, so I chose to exclude it), function to display the window focus.  Other than this, everything works perfectly.  Note that you don't need any of these excluded functions to successfully use the windows API.  They are usually just there for show.  I took the liberty of using PROPER CODING (for all of you programmer wannabees out there, this means: coding that you DO NOT EVER USE because you don't even know how to conserve any bit of memory by implementing Microsoft's initiation standards...all you assholes use BAS modules jam packed with useless AOL shit that you think makes you a programmer.)  Please note that the previous sentences were NOT intended towards good programmers.  You know well what I mean.  Sorry to those who I have offended (the faint tones of sarcasm may now be notably evident in my speech).  You may continue reading this if you wish, but it will most likely simply be a waste of your time unless you are a real programmer, who knows how to properly harness the abilities of the 32bit API.\par \par Well, I sincerely thank you if you are staying to hear a little more.  First of all, before I choose to continue, I ask that you  not make any inquiries to me about what "proper coding" is.  If you really want to learn, you will be able to do it on your own easily enough.  You are, however, invited to ask me intelligent questions on the topic of programming.  \par \par First of all, I do not program for AOL anymore.  I admit that I used to when I first got started, but I have come a long way since then.  I am not putting down AOL programmers, however.  Their style is distinctly unique, and never in any other field have I seen such interest in younger crowds.  I believe that, even though seemingly juvenile in nature, AOL programming allows younger programmers to advance fairly quickly.  Please know that I am only referring to the so called "AOL Progs" and "punters", and not legitimate add-on utilities.  All I really want to say here is the following, and then I will allow you to calmly walk out the door with (perhaps) a new purpose in your heart.\par \par We as programmers have a common, deep seeded purpose, one which by no means can ever be fully ignored, nor evaded.  Our purpose, our lifeline depends solely on delivering to the public what it needs to thrive in this ever changing world of rapidly advancing technology.  Program to learn.  Program to teach.  Program to perfect society.  Last of all, program to advance in your own mind as an individual.  I urge you to think this over before going out and making a "punter".  Consider these words for a moment before you decide to do anything vaguely irrational that may otherwise hinder any of these purposes we programmers are intended to fulfill.  No matter what language or tools you use, no matter what your true interests are, we must all agree to the following:  If you contribute just a little, some day, somewhere, someone will thank you for thinking of them.\par \qr\fi0 -Seraph\par \qc *I can be reached at any of the following:\par tron@coldmail.com\par SandManIAm@Juno.com\par LLSeraphLi@hotmail.com\par \par }
